README.md, before:

# _Programming Language Quiz_

#### _{Brief description of application}, {Date of current version}_

#### By _**Joseph Wangemann**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_{Are there issues that have not yet been resolved that you want to let users know you know?  Outline any issues that would impact use of your application.  Share any workarounds that are in place. }_

## Support and contact details

_{Let people know what to do if they run into any issues or have questions, ideas or concerns.  Encourage them to contact you or make a contribution to the code.}_

## Technologies Used

_{Tell me about the languages and tools you used to create this app. Assume that I know you probably used HTML and CSS. If you did something really cool using only HTML, point that out.}_

### License

*{Determine the license under which this application can be used.  See below for more details on licensing.}*

Copyright (c) 2019 **_Joseph Wangemann_**

Commit message:

create the basic 5 question outline and the initial click function to begin quiz, basic styling

README.md, after:

# _Programming Language Quiz_

#### _Interactive questionnaire that chooses an appropriate programming language to learn based on the user's input, 1/18/19_

#### By _**Joseph Wangemann**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_No known bugs_

## Support and contact details

_fractalscape13@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2019 **_Joseph Wangemann_**
